README.md, before:

# FMOD Unity - Event / GUID Swapper

## Description

This FMOD patch will add a "Swap" button to [FMODUnity.EventRef] property which facilitates swapping Event Path with the more robust GUID.
Patch has been tested and verified in **FMOD Version 2.00.08 up to 2.01.07.** Version 2.02 will be checked soon.

## How to install

1. Download the [.unitypackage](https://github.com/made-indrayana/fmod-unity-event-guid-swapper/releases/) and import it to your Unity project.
2. Add package using the built in Unity Package Manager with git url `https://github.com/made-indrayana/fmod-unity-event-guid-swapper.git`
3. Clone/download the whole repository and add package using the built in Unity Package Manager with "Add Package from disk" by choosing the `package.json` file.

## How to use

After importing the package / .unitypackage, you will have a new `Double Shot` menu in your Unity Editor. Click there and go to `Double Shot > FMOD > Patcher > Event to GUID Swapper`. It will then ask if you want to apply the patch and just click OK.

<p align="center">
...a wild <u><b>Swap Button</b></u> appears!<br><br>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/made-indrayana/fmod-unity-event-guid-swapper/imgs/screenshot01.png" width=400><br><br>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/made-indrayana/fmod-unity-event-guid-swapper/imgs/inaction.gif" width=400><br><br>
</p>

### Enjoy using GUID in your project!

Commit message:

Tested in FMOD 2.02 >> You don't need it :)

README.md, after:

# FMOD Unity - Event / GUID Swapper

## Description

This FMOD patch will add a "Swap" button to [FMODUnity.EventRef] property which facilitates swapping Event Path with the more robust GUID.
Patch has been tested and verified in **FMOD Version 2.00.08 up to 2.01.07.**.

### Starting from FMOD 2.02.00 you won't need this patch anymore if you set your Event Linkage to GUID! :heart_eyes:

## How to install

1. Download the [.unitypackage](https://github.com/made-indrayana/fmod-unity-event-guid-swapper/releases/) and import it to your Unity project.
2. Add package using the built in Unity Package Manager with git url `https://github.com/made-indrayana/fmod-unity-event-guid-swapper.git`
3. Clone/download the whole repository and add package using the built in Unity Package Manager with "Add Package from disk" by choosing the `package.json` file.

## How to use

After importing the package / .unitypackage, you will have a new `Double Shot` menu in your Unity Editor. Click there and go to `Double Shot > FMOD > Patcher > Event to GUID Swapper`. It will then ask if you want to apply the patch and just click OK.

<p align="center">
...a wild <u><b>Swap Button</b></u> appears!<br><br>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/made-indrayana/fmod-unity-event-guid-swapper/imgs/screenshot01.png" width=400><br><br>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/made-indrayana/fmod-unity-event-guid-swapper/imgs/inaction.gif" width=400><br><br>
</p>

### Enjoy using GUID in your project!
